Document prune whitelist label (#519)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/vendors/kubernetes/workflow-tool.md

# Used to both plan and apply changes.
#
# Available template parameters:

> # - .PruneWhiteList - provides list of arguments to the --prune flag. It uses --prune-allowlist flag, if you want to set old --pune-whitelist, use feature:k8s_keep_using_prune_white_list_flag label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# - .PruneWhiteList - provides a list of arguments to the --prune flag. It uses the --prune-allowlist flag, if you want to use the old --pune-whitelist, add the feature:k8s_keep_using_prune_white_list_flag label to your stack.
```

![Workflow tool not found](../../assets/screenshots/kubernetes-workflow-tool-tool-not-found.png)

In this situation, please ensure that you are [providing a custom workflow tool](#providing-a-tool) via a custom runner image or workflow hook.

### Error: unknown flag: --prune-allowlist

![Workflow tool not found](../../assets/screenshots/prune-whitelist-bug.png)

> If you use kubectl with the version less than v1.26, prune command should use `--prune-whitelist` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use kubectl with a version less than v1.26, the prune command should use `--prune-whitelist` flag.
```
